Overview

Lyrics

Listen

Videos

Artists

Main results

It's best you be a gentleman
And you watch what you say (bwahh nigga take that)
Or Jesus Christ can't save you once you go gangsta, friend

Yo, no more freestyles and verses killin' Sticky and Ja
I've movin' on now, I got bigger fish to fry
Since 'How to Rob' a lot of niggas been naming names
Monkey see, monkey do, I done changed the game
Still niggas acting like I don't get down or something
Like I ain't the next nigga to wear the crown or something
You gonna talk about your chips 'til we run in your crib
And you gone ask dumb questions like "Can I live?"
Look, If I shoot you, I'm famous
If you shoot me, you're brainless, you said it yourself
I'm slick enough to twist your lines and send them back at you
Swift enough to snatch the MAC and pop that at you
Take it personal, see if I won't send you to hell
I've done told Ton and Pok? They better have my bail
But if it's over a mil' don't put the crib up done
'Cause if 50 get free nigga, 50 gonna run

It's best you be a gentleman
And you watch what you say (bwahh bwahh, nigga take that)
Or Jesus Christ can't save you once you go gangsta, friend
(Bo! Bo! Bo! Bo! Bo! It's gangsta)
It's best you be a gentleman
And you watch what you say (bwahh bwahh, nigga take that)
Or Jesus Christ can't save you once you go gangsta, friend
(Bo! Bo! Bo! Bo! Bo! It's gangsta)

Look I'm supposed to be cocky, I ain't a po' no mo'
I ain't gotta steal from the corna' store no mo'
Got my own crib, I ain't sleepin' on the flo' no mo'
Bouncers don't try to play me at the do' no mo'
But when they see me they say search him
"He might have the nine
He might shoot this motherfucker up like Shyne"
It's been a while since a new nigga came tight like this
Yeah man, he aight, but he ain't quite like this
Niggas is feelin' it
The Benz pullin up on the set (uh huh)
Me jumpin out, thirty thou' on my neck (uh huh uh huh)
And since you said it was nothin' to sweat (what)
That you was outta line so here's what you get
A verbal ass kickin'
Jesus Christ sent me to test ya
Let's see how see how he act's under pressure
'Til Makaveli returns it's 'All Eyez On Me'
'Til the feds build up cases and find pies on me

It's best you be a gentleman
And you watch what you say (bwahh bwahh bwahh, bwahh nigga take that)
Or Jesus Christ can't save you once you go gangsta, friend
(Bo! Bo! Bo! It's gangsta)
It's best you be a gentleman
And you watch what you say (bwahh bwahh bwahh, bwahh nigga take that)
Or Jesus Christ can't save you once you go gangsta, friend
(Bo! Bo! Bo! It's gangsta)

It's gangsta, 2000 shit

Ya'll know what you need to do, get together,
Make a We Are The World record, faggot ass niggas